Update README-template.md for API endpoint info (#20024)
vercel/next.js: packages/create-next-app/templates/default/README-template.md

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

> Demo the API server by opening [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API routes can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.
```

> With Next.js, the `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*` endpoints. Files in this directory are treated as API endpoints instead of pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.
```
